[Music]
the best that I did because I had buoys to be
resorted to the sea and again fighting
its seem to be of you because this
I did not hit my favorite of my loves
d
Hello
[Applause]
yes
this channel
that the best that I better than I go
drinking water hand with me through
your account with these stars of this
same love
[Music]
look at four studies your arrival
good afternoon
[Music]
because I'm not going to drink water from you
wardrobe you know that well when it happens with
be of your current the people my
friends
[Music]
I will not give away
this sweet water of run
easy
[Music]
that I know is the best thing that I
I will drink water from these rivers Alvaro
again
is our bridge duty behind you
you do it from my loves
[Music]
my sweet water from your river
do not
[Music]
[Applause]
to pass in front of the address
to replant people is to think that
our is not love
to pass your own people of silence
water shines from respecting encounter
our love
[Music]
despite your people, my people
favorites
of my love, I
[Applause]
[Music]